Move Ansible markup documentation to a separate page (#2753)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/ansible_markup.rst

.. _ansible_markup:

**************
Ansible markup
**************

> Ansible markup is a markup language used for documenting Ansible modules, plugins, and roles.
> It started as a basic markup language allowing basic formatting (bold, italics, code, horizontal line) and linking (URLs, hyperlinks, Ansible module references, RST references in the rendered documentation).
> In 2022 the markup language was extended by semantic elements for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible markup allows you to format and structure documentation for Ansible modules, plugins, and roles.
It lets you add basic formatting to text, such as bold, italics, code, and horizontal lines, as well as create various references, such as URLs, hyperlinks, Ansible module references, and RST references.
The Ansible markup language lets you apply semantic elements for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.
```

Author: Hmm, removing the "2022 update" part makes it a bit confusing IMO. What do you think about:
```suggestion
Ansible markup allows you to format and structure documentation for Ansible modules, plugins, and roles.
It lets you add basic formatting to text, such as bold, italics, code, and horizontal lines, as well as create various references, such as URLs, hyperlinks, Ansible module references, and RST references.
The Ansible markup language was extended in 2022. It now lets you apply semantic markup for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.
```
Or maybe let's combine the second and third paragraph:
```suggestion
Ansible markup allows you to format and structure documentation for Ansible modules, plugins, and roles.
It lets you add basic formatting to text, such as bold, italics, code, and horizontal lines, as well as create various references, such as URLs, hyperlinks, Ansible module references, and RST references. Besides this, it lets you apply semantic markup for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.
```
What do you think?

Reviewer: The first one seems to read more clearly to me. I'd go for that.

Along with the detail of 2022, would it be at all helpful to mention the first Ansible version that featured semantic markup?

> The Ansible markup language was extended in 2022. It now lets you apply semantic markup for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.

Author: Turns out it was 2023, not 2022... 
```suggestion
The Ansible markup language was extended in 2023, starting with ansible-core 2.15. It now lets you apply semantic markup for values, module/plugin options, return values, environment variables, and for referencing plugins.
```
